King David was determined to have a share in building a temple that would praise Jehovah.
At 1 Chronicles 22 verse 7, he told his son Solomon,
It was my heart's desire to build a house for the name of Jehovah, my God.
If David were alive today, how would he feel about the great building work that is taking
place in God's organization right now?
We have thousands of kingdom halls and assembly halls around the world, and thousands more
are needed.
Hundreds of thousands of volunteers each year share in buying, designing, building, and
maintaining these facilities.
Like David, sharing in this work makes them happy because it is their heart's desire
to praise Jehovah.
Would you like to have a share?
Learning for the LDC program is not just for young men.
Older ones, single sisters, and young ones too are volunteering.
Good health is a prerequisite for working on a construction site, but many older ones
are having a share in this work as consultants, trainers, and remote volunteers.
I do remote work for local design constructions design group in Korea.
I mainly participate in reviewing design drawings created by the brothers and sisters.
I'm also asked for opinions regarding suitable materials, relevant regulations, and other
design-related matter.
Then I do research on the work that is scheduled.
When I delivered the organized materials and they tell me it was actually helpful, I feel
the joy of working together with them as a team.
I'm working as a consultant to the design team in New Zealand.
There are many young brothers and sisters, and they are hungry to learn, they're humble,
and they have so much potential.
If experienced brothers and sisters make themselves available, they will enjoy the reward of serving
as part of Jehovah's team regardless of age.
Jehovah takes a personal interest in all of his servants, including older ones.
It is encouraging to know that as we get older, he still has work for us to do.
Jehovah also takes an interest in single sisters.
As a team, I took part in the monthly Kingdom Hall maintenance work.
When I saw the joy of our brothers and sisters in the construction work in the videos at
the meetings, and on JW Broadcasting, I decided I wanted to be part of the construction
work too.
Although I didn't have any technical skills in the construction field, the overseer and
many brothers and sisters provided training while we worked together.
They taught me everything from how to read blueprints, to how to perform plumbing installations,
and I even learned complex skills related to air conditioning.
I received a lot of training.
Yeah, the brothers have been really patient with me, giving me so much direction.
I've learned a lot, both on-site, learning different trades.
Yeah, I really taught me that Jehovah can make the willing able.
We moved down to everything months, moved congregations every three months, but it just helps
to spread to family just to keep getting bigger and bigger.
It's like working in a little spiritual paradise.
Zellas single sisters have a place in God's organization.
Jehovah has extended a personal invitation to everyone to be active in his congregation
today.
These are required to accompany their minor children who are approved to volunteer.
But what about younger ones who are not yet old enough to volunteer on their own?
Can you also have a share?
You certainly can.
The maintenance trainer encouraged me by commending me for using my time and helping
maintain the Gingro.
And this really stuck with me because it showed me that if I continue to do that, I'm
making the best use of my time.
The brother, he showed me how to do it first.
On the second try, we both did it together, and then on the third, he let me do it by
myself.
Well, there was an elder, and he used a little booklet to teach us which colored cloth would
be used for a specific job.
Every time I participate in Kingdom Hall cleaning, it's a step closer to when I can do more
for Jehovah.
Well, sometimes still young, there's many things I can't do.
So when I clean, I feel that I can contribute to the congregation and praise Jehovah.
Young ones, more than anything, spiritual qualities will help you to make your future happy and
successful.
Jehovah is pleased to use you if you have a humble, willing spirit.
So along with your parents, look for things you can do in your congregation, such as helping
to clean and maintain the Kingdom Hall.
Helping and maintaining places of worship calls for volunteers who have the necessary experience
to complete these projects.
But volunteers who are willing to be trained are also needed.
Can you make yourself available?
If so, now is the time to approach your congregation elders.
Ask them how you can qualify and how to apply.
Make it a matter of prayer.
You too may develop a heart's desire to build facilities to the glory of Jehovah's
name.